okay everybody we're on the other side
of the 10th at 58th and cherry garage
and Columbia I'm with Alex is going to
be joining me for the Navy I'll also yes
on YouTube I'll make sure to put that in
the video title now if you're ready are
you yeah now Alex and I have a little
bit of a grudge against this elevator
because last time we were in the garage
we got stuck in it
that was a while I was still there our
destination was right over there kill
yep the Blue Note ludo concert believe I
got they forgot something in the car and
got stuck going up to the fourth floor
so we're going to go down to the ground
floor just to build up a little suspense
here interesting carpets we can recreate
our injury all right
not very healthy sounding elevator isn't
it Wow nice wonderful Mir out of the
class all right now here comes the
moment of truth
all right
are we really stuck okay cat stuck again
and listen the motors so uptight there
it isn't just it wasn't moving but it
took the doors a while to open
interesting they really won't fix these
things once you do they oh let's see I
could sweep it up three so we can
accidents and what no actually when he
tried on me no no we need to and you
know it was really bad when we did get
stuck is the emergency button it took
about 10 minutes to respond after that
not stuff then we heard the intercom go
off going down the stairs
alright let's go down or not well it's
resting almost stuck experience yeah